I want to talk a little bit about me and why I'm actually established in what I do.
The first thing is the fact that I had sleep apnea that was uncontrolled. I used to stop breathing in my sleep 30 times an hour, and that was happening for a good solid two years. My sleep used to be awful. It used to take me over an hour to fall asleep. The maximum times I ever woke up was seven times in the night. My mum would be racing; I would just rely there, counting down the clock. I just wouldn't be able to switch off, even though I was tired. I used to get morning headaches. I used to have to push myself through the day, and also I was dealing with that for two years. I used to think that I was really lazy, so I used to get to work really late all the time and wake up with huge brain fog, which I actually just couldn't think properly in the morning. It's like I'd be thinking about what I actually needed to do and what I needed to get ready, and I was so slow doing it, and I just couldn't think.
Also, when I was at work, I'd read something, not going to read something on our system, like an email or something. It literally took me five times before it actually processed in my head. It was crazy, so I've seen enough of that for ages, and it really was ruining my quality of life. It was the lowest I've ever been in my life. I wasn't depressed, but I was pretty damn low.
I have first-hand experience of what it feels like to have shit sleep and have the negative effects on that, both cognitively, unable to think properly, but also lack of productivity, lack of focus, and just feeling like I was operating at a lower level than what I should be. I felt dumber than I should be. I honestly felt stupid, so dumb, and also I felt like I couldn't actually. I knew that this wasn't my reality; I knew this wasn't what I was destined to do. I knew I had more in the tank, but it was my sleep that was kind of really holding me back.
I use a CPAP machine now. That's me. I use a CPAP every day. I now wake up at literally 5:00 am every single day. I wake up; I do my work; I then do my business work, which is a sleep coaching business. I then go to work, my 9:00 to 5:00 as a sleep scientist in the NHS, because I'm in my second year on the scientist training programme. I then come back, eat my meal, go to the gym, come back. I'm in bed by like 9:30. I fall asleep within like 10 to 15 minutes. I then get amazing sleep. I may wake up once; I'm straight back to sleep. I wake up feeling refreshed, no grogginess. I get straight into work, and I can be productive, focused for hours on end. I could literally do straight work for five hours, like easily, or maybe not five; well, it depends. I probably could, to be honest. I don't need caffeine. I do have black coffee; I like black coffee, but I actually need it.
That's me now. I get such good sleep; I get fantastic sleep, minimum seven hours a night, and it's very, very high-quality sleep. I have no issues in the day; I'm very awake, alert, and refreshed and ready to basically attack the day, firing on all cylinders, pretty much all the time.
That's a bit about me. It tells why I can coach people well. I've been coaching people since 2023, so I've got degrees in sport and health science and support exercise science, a bachelor's and a master's, basically sport and health science. I was a respiratory exercise professional, and during that time I used to be a PT, but during that time I started my online coaching business. Since 2023 to now, I was helping people with their nutrition and their training, and then it was last year, middle of last year, pretty much August, September, feels like September. I decided that I was going to use my expertise in sleep, based on my own experience, but also based on my knowledge as a sleep scientist. I actually coach people holistically, really mainly focusing on their sleep so that they could actually be more productive, be more focused, get more out of their life, just function 100%. The reason that separates me from everyone else is because I've actually had sleep issues, so I know what it's like, but then I also have the knowledge and expertise on what it's like to coach people, but then I also have certain communication and the systems, but I also have the expertise of being a sleep scientist. Ultimately, I've done a two-day Oxford masterclass and CBT as well. It was an Oxford Sleep Masterclass, so I've done that, and obviously, working as a sleep scientist, I've been working with people with sleep apnea or seeing patients, but the main thing is the fact that I've been able to get so many people so many good results.